This file contains the list of the packages contained in the base setup of each
toolchain. The packages are listed in the order of installation, with its own
dependencies:

  (bash: is assumed to be installed)

  make: no dependencies
    GNU Make is a tool which controls the generation of executables and other
    non-source files of a program from the program's source files.

  diffutils: no dependencies
    GNU Diffutils is a package of several programs related to finding
    differences between files.

  findutils: no dependencies
    The GNU Find Utilities are the basic directory searching utilities of the
    GNU operating system.

  m4: no dependencies
    GNU M4 is an implementation of the traditional Unix macro processor.

  libtool: m4
    GNU libtool is a generic library support script. Libtool hides the
    complexity of using shared libraries behind a consistent, portable
    interface.

  flex: m4, libtool
    Flex is a tool for generating scanners.

  bison: m4
    Bison is a general-purpose parser generator that converts an annotated
    context-free grammar into a deterministic LR or generalized LR (GLR)
    parser employing LALR(1) parser tables.

  db: libtool
    Berkeley DB is a family of embedded key-value database libraries providing
    scalable high-performance data management services to applications.

  gdbm: libtool
    GNU dbm is a set of database routines that use extensible hashing. It works
    similar to the standard UNIX dbm routines.

  perl: db, gdbm
    Perl 5 is a highly capable, feature-rich programming language with over 27
    years of development. Perl 5 runs on over 100 platforms from portables to
    mainframes and is suitable for both rapid prototyping and large scale
    development projects.

  (fix the scripts shebang /usr/bin/perl -> $mkToolchainBase/bin/perl)

  gmp: libtool
    GMP is a free library for arbitrary precision arithmetic, operating on
    signed integers, rational numbers, and floating-point numbers.

  mpfr: gmp, libtool
    The MPFR library is a C library for multiple-precision floating-point
    computations with correct rounding.

  mpc: gmp, mpfr, libtool
    GNU MPC is a C library for the arithmetic of complex numbers with
    arbitrarily high precision and correct rounding of the result.

  gawk: mpfr, libtool
    The awk utility interprets a special-purpose programming language that
    makes it possible to handle simple data-reformatting jobs with just a few
    lines of code.

  autoconf: m4, gawk, perl
    Autoconf is an extensible package of M4 macros that produce shell scripts
    to automatically configure software source code packages.

  pkgconf: autoconf
    pkgconf is a program which helps to configure compiler and linker flags for
    development frameworks. It is similar to pkg-config, but was written from
    scratch in the summer of 2011 to replace pkg-config.

  ncurses: pkgconf, libtool
    The Ncurses (new curses) library is a free software emulation of curses in
    System V Release 4.0, and more.

  readline: ncurses
    The GNU Readline library provides a set of functions for use by
    applications that allow users to edit command lines as they are typed in.

  (recompile gawk because of circular dependency gawk <> readline)

  automake: perl, autoconf
    Automake is a tool for automatically generating Makefile.in files compliant
    with the GNU Coding Standards.

  zlib: no dependencies
    The zlib compression library provides in-memory compression and
    decompression functions, including integrity checks of the uncompressed
    data.

  gzip: no dependencies
    GNU Gzip is a popular data compression program originally written by
    Jean-loup Gailly for the GNU project. Mark Adler wrote the decompression
    part.

  bzip2: no dependencies
    bzip2 is a freely available, patent free, high-quality data compressor.

  xz: no dependencies
    XZ Utils is free general-purpose data compression software with high
    compression ratio. XZ Utils were written for POSIX-like systems, but also
    work on some not-so-POSIX systems. XZ Utils are the successor to LZMA
    Utils.

  tar: no dependencies
    GNU Tar provides the ability to create tar archives, as well as various
    other kinds of manipulation.

  texinfo: ncurses, perl
    Texinfo is the official documentation format of the GNU project.

  libffi: libtool
    The libffi library provides a portable, high level programming interface to
    various calling conventions. This allows a programmer to call any function
    specified by a call interface description at run time.

  expat: libtool
    The Expat package contains a stream oriented C library for parsing XML.

  sqlite: libtool, readline
    SQLite is an in-process library that implements a self-contained,
    serverless, zero-configuration, transactional SQL database engine.

  openssl: perl
    The OpenSSL Project is a collaborative effort to develop a robust,
    commercial-grade, full-featured, and Open Source toolkit implementing the
    Secure Sockets Layer (SSL v2/v3) and Transport Layer Security (TLS)
    protocols as well as a full-strength general purpose cryptography library.

  python: bzip2, db, expat, gdbm, libffi, openssl, sqlite, zlib
    Python is a general purpose scripting language.

  mercurial: python
    Mercurial is a free, distributed source control management tool. It
    efficiently handles projects of any size and offers an easy and intuitive
    interface.

  sphinx: python
    Sphinx is a tool that makes it easy to create intelligent and beautiful
    documentation.

  sharutils: texinfo
    Makes so-called shell archives out of many files.

  icu:
    ICU is a mature, widely used set of C/C++ and Java libraries providing
    Unicode and Globalization support for software applications. ICU is widely
    portable and gives applications the same results on all platforms and
    between C/C++ and Java software.

  libxml2: icu, python

  cmake: ncurses, python
  doxygen:
